modholdandtap implementation (#411)
KMKfw/kmk_firmware: docs/sticky_mod.md

# Sticky Mod

> This module allows to immitate the behaviour of ATL+TAB or CMD+TAB, etc. for switching between open windows.
> The mod will be on hold and the key will be tapped. The mod will be released when any other key is pressed or the layer key is released.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module allows to hold a modifier while a key is being tapped repeatedly; the modifier will be released when any other key is pressed or released.
This is for example useful if you want to switch between open windows with ALT+TAB or CMD+TAB, using only a single key.
```
```suggestion
This module allows to immitate the behaviour of ATL+TAB or CMD+TAB, etc. for switching between open windows.
The mod will be on hold and the key will be tapped. The mod will be released when any other key is pressed or the layer key is released.
```
